#summary This page discribe what is already in function.
#labels Phase-Requirements

= Introduction =

This page discribe what is already in function.

  # A hero sprite at the center of the screen
  # A map which scrolls around (with two levels, Background + Foreground)
  # A tile management (passable or not) 
  # Item management
   # Items laying on the floor
   # Items in the inventory
  # Monster Management:
   # Monsters generator.
   # Rudimentary AI.
   # Drop management.
  # The status of hero and mobs which "floats" below him ("OK", "Wonded", "Near Death") and their life points.
  # A weapon (press A) which doesn't do anything important (it moves and lowers the mobs' health)
  # A collision system (the status turns to "HIT" when the object is touched and loses HP)
  # You use spells with L
  # Implementation of menus.


########################################################
In French

= Details =


  * Un sprite de héros au centre de l'écran
  * Une map qui scroll autour (avec 2 niveau : Background & Foreground)
  * Une gestion des tuile passables ou non (à affiner).
  * Gestion des monstres :
   * Constructeur de monstre
   * IA rudimentaire
  * Le status du héros et du mob (plus pour les mobs dans la alpha 6, mais ça va revenir) qui "flotte" au dessus de lui ("OK" par défaut).
  * Un arme (press A) qui ne fait pas grand chose (elle se déplace et fait baisser la vie des mobs)
  * Un système de collision (le status passe à "HIT" quand l'objet est touché et perte de points de vie)
  * On déclenche le sort avec le bouton L.
  * Implémentation correcte de menus.